Crawdad boil

YouTube: Cajun Crawfish Boil: How to Cook like

a Pro 2018

⃝ Crawdads appx 3 #/person
 ⃝ large pot/w strainer
⃝ Zataran liquid 16 oz (aromatic flavors)
 ⃝ 10 bay leaves ⃝
 2 sticks of butter
⃝ Favorite Hot sauce ⃝
 2 Garlic Powder containers
⃝ 8 whole lemons (cut in half)
 ⃝ 6 whole oranges (cut in half)
 ⃝ 6 to 8 whole onions
⃝ 2 stalks of celery (cut into 2” pcs)
 ⃝ diced in half red potatoes 3#
⃝ 15 # ice ⃝ Cut frozen corn ⃝ Mushrooms (whole)
⃝ Vegetable: beans, asparagus, artichoke
 ⃝ 9 gallons of water for cooking
⃝ Zataran Crab boil Powder 4.5 # (lots of salt in this)
⃝ Cayenne pepper (optional)
⃝ whole jalapeno appx 7

⃝ soak the mudbugs in fresh tap water for at least 15 minutes and change the water. You should do this
at three water soaks. If the water is still muddy, do it again! This purges them and cleans out their gut
vein. You will eat less dirt!
⃝ be sure to throw out the dead ones (floaters) or use them for bait.
⃝ Bring 9 gallons of water to a rolling boil. (large turkey deep fry roaster w/gas)
⃝ (8:07) Add Zat powder, two garlic powder jars, 2 sticks of butter, whole jar of (Zataran) Cayenne pepper (little
bigger than the garlic powder jar), Bay leaves (he just plopped them all in there), hot sauce (whole bottle), liquid
Zataran (half bottle is ok, he did full bottle).
⃝ Water s/still be rolling boil. Add potatoes. Large ones cut in half, small are whole. Longest to cook.
⃝ Add the onions &amp; celery. (onions cut the long way.) Add Jalapeno, tops gone, cut the long way, seeds
intact.
⃝ squeeze the juice from the lemons &amp; oranges in there &amp; then plop the whole rind in the pot &lt;&lt;hold out
one whole lemon for later use. never saw what he did with it rrr&gt;&gt;
⃝ put the lid on. Let it cook for about 10 minutes for potatoes/veges to cook.
⃝ he poured all the crawfish in. POT IS FULL FULL.
⃝ put the lid back on, let it come back up to a full boil. Appx (5 to) 10 minutes
⃝ he pushed a large strainer in the middle. Saw it was boiling.

⃝ large whole head on shrimp, cut up sausage (kielbasa type stuff 2 or 3 rolls) pot is overflowing. Uses a
flat to push down the shrimp. Let that cook for another 2 to 3 minutes. Push shrimp down.
⃝ add any kind of vegetable. He added whole mushrooms. Suggested: Edamame, asparagus, artichoke,
green beans, yams. Be considerate if it takes long to cook, add before the crawfish.
⃝ added large bag of frozen cut corn. Still frozen. Burner is off already. Push it down.
⃝ Turn off the burner and add 15 # of ice right on top (this will force all the flavor to go into the crawfish).
Pour the ice across the top. Let it sit for 20 minutes. Set a timer. Crawfish will sink to the bottom.
⃝ scoop out with a large screen ladel &amp; put it in a LARGE food grade tote. Still looks hot.
ENJOY !!

Crawdad boil - 1/26/2022


Shopping list
⃝ Crawdads appx 3 #/person
 ⃝ 3 # head on Shrimp ⃝ kielbasa 3 rings
⃝ Zataran liquid 16 oz (aromatic flavors) ⃝ 10 bay leaves
⃝ 2 Garlic Powder (shakers)
⃝ Cayenne (zataran) pepper (optional) ⃝ Favorite Hot sauce (liquid)
⃝ Zataran Crab boil Powder 4.5 # (lots of salt in this)

⃝ 2 sticks of butter
⃝ 8 whole lemons (cut in half
) ⃝ 6 whole oranges (cut in half)
⃝ 6 to 8 whole small onions
⃝ 2 stalks of celery (cut into 2” pcs)
 ⃝ diced small red potatoes 3#
⃝ whole jalapeno appx 7
 ⃝ Vegetable: beans, asparagus, artichoke, mushrooms (whole)
⃝ Cut frozen corn
⃝ 15 # ice
⃝ large pot/w strainer to cook ⃝
 Large strainer ladel ⃝ Large food grade tote
⃝ Large wash buckets ⃝ 9 gallons of cooking water